Dominique Pozo: Hey how's it going
Great.
Dominique Pozo: I'm just, I have a few more bites of my lunch here, I'm just going to kind of finish it up while we check in. So how are you doing
Martin Price: Pretty good.
Martin Price: I probably have to go at 530 no
Dominique Pozo: Oh,
That's okay.
Martin Price: Right, still have to get the dog to the dog park and I told this guy meet him there at six.
Martin Price: Or something like that.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, sure.
Martin Price: Um, yeah, I think it's just, it's kind of a demanding day and
Martin Price: Yeah, and the middle of it. My is my pen pal girlfriend texted me that she had to call the cops on her son having
Dominique Pozo: Oh, no.
Martin Price: Yeah, I was like, oh, this craziness, you know, and
Martin Price: I think it to her voice because she
Martin Price: You know, but tell me as he was in the middle of serving the kids spaghetti or something like that. So she came
Martin Price: And the sun is Manny
Martin Price: He just kind of looks like a thug man but and she's just really nice lady. And we're like,
Martin Price: Kind of talking a lot more about our families and like what
Martin Price: Sort of family systems role, each of us played and everything like that, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Okay, that's such a good conversation to have.
Martin Price: Yeah, she was like a teacher and
Martin Price: She
Martin Price: Apparently did conferences or something on instant gratification, or like kids playing video games and the whole instant gratification.
Martin Price: Culture that that
Martin Price: Support, you know, or that I don't know. I hate to say it, it just the kids want more and more and more, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Yes. There's so many levels to how that has impacted this generation, for sure.
Right.
Martin Price: So yeah, she's pretty interesting, but I just didn't know she was having such a hard time with her son.
Martin Price: And I was like, God, you know, I've found another like women that needs to be rescued or like Marty jumps into save your role or something, you know. So, at least I'm aware of it.
Dominique Pozo: It's kind of great that you all are
Dominique Pozo: Thinking about this now too. So, you know, you're naming hopefully I would imagine you're naming what your patterns are and what you don't want to repeat
Martin Price: Yeah yeah yeah like my initial inclination is like, What can I do for you, how can I help you know and it's like she's in Milwaukee and not much I can do for that's now I understand why she was saying she was, you know, kind of looking for a place to escape to every other week.
Martin Price: Because she takes care of his kids like every other week or something.
Dominique Pozo: I didn't catch. When you say his his his
Martin Price: His kids it. Oh, that's her son.
Martin Price: So she had two
Dominique Pozo: Kids our son is 23 and has two kids.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, gosh.
Martin Price: Yeah yeah and
Martin Price: Yeah, throughout this whole time, you know, she's always like
Martin Price: Just a walk on eggshells around him and everything like that. So I think she's finally basically evicting him and
Martin Price: I don't know, hopefully that'll help things
Dominique Pozo: So I
Dominique Pozo: Can. What's that
Martin Price: I don't know if there are any normal
Martin Price: People on these dating sites.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Martin Price: I guess he is the surface, you know,
And
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. Um,
Dominique Pozo: Well, from what you shared with me about her. It sounds like although you are offering your support. She's also been offering support. Has that been consistent. Is she still
Dominique Pozo: Like I know she offered to go look at my
Martin Price: Sponsor back in Janesville
Martin Price: Like he wants to buy a house to rent to me and
Martin Price: So,
Martin Price: She said, yeah, she offered again to
Martin Price: Go check one out tomorrow.
Martin Price: And those scammers are just terrible. They just like think I told you about them, right, they just
Martin Price: Yeah, that's really
Dominique Pozo: That's really horrible.
Martin Price: million different ways. It's always kind of the same pitch. You know, like we're gone. And we just want somebody to take care of it and then
Martin Price: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Hmm.
Martin Price: So,
Dominique Pozo: So I am wondering though, are you, are you allowing which she's offering in. Are you able to have the experience of receiving with
Dominique Pozo: With ease and like feeling the nurse Amy receiving from another have that happen.
Martin Price: Yeah. It's nice. It's like
Martin Price: Asking me if I need help, you know, or 100 help me.
Martin Price: Mm hmm. You know, it's like my whole persona is like what could she ever seen me, you know, so
Martin Price: That's just always been the way I am.
Dominique Pozo: So okay, so still kind of thinking on and working on this self worth pieces. And how about this week you know I know last week or not even earlier this week, you know, you were talking about.
Dominique Pozo: Considering on an inpatient treatment center so that you could just take it down quickly had where you at with that now and
Martin Price: I'm still thinking about it.
Martin Price: You know, at the same time I'm
Martin Price: doing my best to taper.
Martin Price: Oh,
Martin Price: And I got another job interview tomorrow. And, you know,
Martin Price: They do drug test. So I would have to
Martin Price: You know,
Martin Price: Go to it like at least like a two week
Martin Price: Last time I wait. It was a two week
Martin Price: recommitment to recovery, they call it.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Martin Price: And it's, it's not really long enough, but
Martin Price: You know, it's kind of hard to say that month in right now.
Dominique Pozo: I didn't, I didn't know you were needing another job is would you keep your the job you currently have. And then this is an additional job.
Martin Price: No, this one is in
Martin Price: Livermore, California. It's Lawrence Livermore National Lab. It's
Martin Price: It would be like a super high paying all expenses paid you know contractor job.
Martin Price: You know, the National Labs there.
Martin Price: You know, I'm sure I'd have to do a pre pre employment drug screen or something like that.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm. Okay, so
Dominique Pozo: Oh, so I wasn't aware of this. So your reality may completely change, you won't be going to Wisconsin anymore. If you go
Martin Price: That's a possibility with
Martin Price: What's going on is, I finally told my boss, I think yesterday or the day before that I was
Martin Price: A long story, I got like a real short contract extension through July and
Martin Price: I basically told him the underfunded and I'm only funded through June and I just wanted to give him the heads up and
Martin Price: So now I'm kind of like, and he said he he'd go take care of it. And he said, you know, he didn't want to change horses in the middle of the stream. So I think he wants to keep me but
Martin Price: You know, when they only extend you by two or three months. It's kind of a real
Martin Price: Temporary type situation, you know,
Martin Price: It's like
Martin Price: The timing. It never usually works out like
Martin Price: I probably won't know about the Wisconsin job before I have to make a decision on this other job, you know,
Martin Price: But I'd rather go, I think I'd rather go to Wisconsin. I mean,
Martin Price: I in there for like nine months and really like to see it builds and these
Martin Price: Like the National Lab jobs there the deal. We, the Department of Energy moves so slowly, you know, it's like
Martin Price: It's just a much different.
Martin Price: Pace.
Martin Price: But it's a lot more money.
Martin Price: I guess the way I'm thinking is, I'd rather go to Wisconsin.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, you're just. It sounds like you're also like researching options in case you need to take care of yourself.
Martin Price: Right, yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, sorry. Any it's turned my phone off. Sorry.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: May I switch gears.
Dominique Pozo: I saw, I didn't want to make you talk about it in group, although I was
Dominique Pozo: I was kind of watching you and wondering if you are going to bring it up as a group conversation around what's coming up for you around tapering and I'm bringing that up with the group did you did you, was it not important to you in the last group.
Martin Price: To kind of let it go.
Martin Price: I started there was like a specific top topic. They were asking us to talk about
Martin Price: But yeah, I don't. For some reason I didn't go there. I don't know. I guess I'll just
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm. I almost asked you, and then I didn't want to
Dominique Pozo: Put you, you know, under any pressure. So if you maybe are like waiting for an open, you're not sure. Do I have your permission to just ask you, Hey,
Dominique Pozo: Do you want to bring up what what we've been talking about in your individual sessions or do you want to just do it when you feel ready and comfortable.
Martin Price: Knowing that you can bring it up. I mean, I'm doing my best to do it. I just don't you know I
Martin Price: I just want to see like faster results.
Uh huh.
Dominique Pozo: I think it's such a great thing to talk about an express and
Dominique Pozo: You know, usually I have a topic and group. But what I really do is I follow what's actually alive for people and I really listen to what what's what people are naturally talking about and i i'm pretty willing to just change my course and follow you guys so
Okay.
Martin Price: Let's go, come up a few times.
Martin Price: Yeah, and I'm glad I'm you know down at like three two or 3.2 instead of eight or 12 or 24 so
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Martin Price: Hopefully it'll be easier.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm. Yeah, be a great conversation for others who have maybe gone lower than you to talk about their experience and and the thing is to everyone's different. And every body responds differently. The tapering is different for everyone.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I just
Martin Price: One thing I noticed is like when I'm on zoom meetings or whatever work or like with you. I
Martin Price: I just don't even worry about it. You know, it's weird.
Martin Price: My mind.
Martin Price: Like engages with what I'm doing. Instead of like worrying about how much is my next dose going to be inspiring X dollars and everything like that.
Dominique Pozo: Do you think it's this is it, this has a big part to do with the amount of time that you have on your hands from the whole
Dominique Pozo: Thing. Yeah.
Martin Price: Yeah, so
Dominique Pozo: It seems very situational to me.
Martin Price: Yeah, it's like
Martin Price: You know, I'm probably in these meetings, three or four hours a day. But then there's the other
Martin Price: You know, four or five and during the workday.
Dominique Pozo: Well, how has this week been with yourself talk. And since we spoke last
Martin Price: Night. I think I'm improving i'm not
Martin Price: As
Martin Price: I don't go to that dark places as much anymore.
Martin Price: So I, myself, I probably gotten there a couple times today.
Dominique Pozo: Just
Martin Price: Real quickly and kind of caught myself. It's like
Martin Price: You know, there's nothing you can do about it. Now, beating yourself up about it is
Martin Price: About the past isn't going to help you know
I mean,
Martin Price: All I can do is just, I kind of try and look at every day is a little victory, you know, because I'm able to make you know some pretty good money and
Martin Price: Work towards you know work my way back towards financial stability.
Martin Price: And just
Martin Price: To have had it. And then last thing, you know.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, yeah. Because you know what it can be like and and to have to kind of climb back up the ladder. There's, like, oh,
I
Martin Price: I know I was it's weird even like when you do have money put away for retirement. It just, it's like
Martin Price: It's never enough. You know, it's never going to be
Martin Price: Enough to tell your 85 and so security is not going to be there and you know all that stuff. It's just like
Martin Price: If you talk to the financial planners. If you don't have a million dollars in the bank and your house paid for, then you better keep working, you know, that's how they are
Me.
Martin Price: I know
Martin Price: Well, it does what
Dominique Pozo: Would you
Dominique Pozo: Know what would be your ideal. Can you are you open to getting a piece of paper and a pen and writing out your personal financial plan.
Martin Price: Well, I mean, I got a pen and a paper. I mean, right now it's like, Oh, I can do is just trying
Martin Price: I don't even
Martin Price: It's hard to even plan, you know,
Yeah.
Martin Price: Basically zero right now.
Martin Price: I think
Martin Price: I don't, I don't even
Martin Price: You know, I guess the way I feel about it isn't probably going to have to work for the next five years, you know,
Martin Price: To
Martin Price: Try and get to a point this the house that I'm in is
Martin Price: It's like the mortgages like 20 $700 a month. Right.
Martin Price: I have a tenant he pays 1000 a month. So the mortgage is 1700 a month that I have to pay. And that's really not too bad.
Martin Price: But that's still
Martin Price: would basically be half of my social security and pension combined, you know,
Martin Price: So,
Martin Price: And you wonder, well, do you really need this house, you know,
Martin Price: Or just
Martin Price: It's hard for me to make it
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so
Dominique Pozo: Actually I don't I don't I don't think making a plan is the best idea of more what I had in my mind is, what's your vision, like, you know, when you think of
Dominique Pozo: What's important to you what you value, you know, just kind of spelling that out drawing it out whatever however you illustrated or communicated on the paper.
Dominique Pozo: Just really putting the priorities down and then saying, Okay, well, you know, what would that take just to start to maybe think about unless you think it's not worth your time to do that right now.
Martin Price: Or you're not tough. Are you checking financially or just everything
Dominique Pozo: No, I'm talking about everything. Although everything includes finances so its
Martin Price: inherent to it, but not
Dominique Pozo: Not a specific financial plan like you're going to do this, this to make this so that you can pay off that that's not what I
Dominique Pozo: Was originally thinking I was my thinking you know what's most value to you, maybe the top five things that are of most value and you know how, what would you like your future to look like and what does that include and then thinking about, okay, what would it take to
Dominique Pozo: To really manifest that
Martin Price: I mean,
Martin Price: Like what I do value. I mean, I really like living in Santa Fe like being near the mountains and being able to ski and bike and take it all and
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so that's that's important to it's just I think it's great to have that
Dominique Pozo: Kind of vision on the horizon, so you know where you're headed toys and what you actually need, you know, because it sounds like you've held a certain standard of living. Certain things up to this point. But I'm wondering
Martin Price: If that's
Dominique Pozo: Still, what you need. If it's still current because it may
Martin Price: Not be
Martin Price: May not be sustainable, either.
Dominique Pozo: Right.
Martin Price: Yeah, I could always get a roommate.
Dominique Pozo: Huh, you feel open to that.
Martin Price: Oh, possibly, and you know i i'd like to be in a
Martin Price: You know, a loving relationship. We're like, there's mutual support.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, well, that's huge to put down there. That's a part of the vision.
Martin Price: doesn't kill me.
Dominique Pozo: Can you imagine
Dominique Pozo: Moving is her name. April.
Martin Price: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Can you imagine moving in April, down to New Mexico.
Martin Price: I think, yeah, I mean she wants to get away. And I'm certain to see why.
Martin Price: But I think she probably feels obligated to take care of his kids you know every
Dominique Pozo: Other one
Martin Price: But yeah, I mean she her ideas to
Martin Price: Have you ever seen those
Martin Price: Like delivery bands like Mercedes delivery bands that they turn into campers.
Dominique Pozo: Yes, yeah.
Martin Price: Do something like that.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, that's fine, and go and just live out of the van.
Martin Price: Yeah yeah but yeah affiliate with
Martin Price: You know tables and stuff like that. So I don't know why she
Martin Price: She kind of quit teaching sort of early, you know,
Martin Price: I think she said she had a she had been a teacher for 18 years and she just recently quit. No, I don't know what's up with that kind of like she wanted to
Martin Price: go explore, you know,
Martin Price: That's essentially guy.
Martin Price: Um,
Martin Price: But anyway, yeah and i i love that that I mean it would be great to be in. If I could somehow
Martin Price: Like keep this house, you know, keep the mother in law's apartment ran it so that I could come up with 1700 bucks a month to pay for the mortgage and
Martin Price: You know, I'd like to, I, I had a lot of dreams about kind of building out my company and stuff.
Martin Price: But
Martin Price: And I thought I was going to start providing people to the company I work for, you know, other engineers, I'd bring them into my company, but it didn't and
Martin Price: So kind of like building up my company here. You know, I'd like to do that.
Martin Price: And then I I was trying to do like mature MALE MODELING for about a year and I did like six or seven things but
Martin Price: I kind of like to try that with, you know, I've tried to email that was shots I did to magazines like a RP and stuff like that, you know, kind of like the whole
Martin Price: 60 is the new and
Martin Price: Kind of outdoor lifestyle bicycling hiking, you know, because there's a lot of people that have moved to Santa Fe, and they're kind of my age, and they, they're not ready to
Martin Price: You know retire. They still want a real active lifestyle, you know,
Uh huh.
Dominique Pozo: Dance. Yes, yes. So
Dominique Pozo: So what I'm hearing is you want to get back into the mature MALE MODELING and see how that
Martin Price: Go. Right. Right. And just like so I submit little stories about you know how they could promote like the lifestyle in the West mountain biking and
Martin Price: Or individual towns, I just haven't had any. I know it's really hard to break into
Martin Price: I hid this kind of agency for a while but
Martin Price: It just
Martin Price: You couldn't make any money at it, you couldn't
You know,
Martin Price: They anywhere. That's something I'd like to pursue
Dominique Pozo: I think that the more that these things are in your conscious awareness, the more
Dominique Pozo: You know,
Dominique Pozo: You're going to be moving putting your energy in that direction. Even if you're a say you're out.
Dominique Pozo: At the store or something and you overhear someone talking about it if if you're really conscious of the things you want to do you can potentially just have those you know serendipitous moments when
Martin Price: You can start to
Dominique Pozo: Move towards what you want. If we know you know if one knows what they want.
Martin Price: Right, yeah.
Martin Price: Yeah, there's all kinds of magazines like in Mexico magazine Santa Fe magazine.
Martin Price: We even did like a video for realtor real estate companies and stuff like that so
Martin Price: anything's possible you have dreams.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, so you have done some already you have had some some opportunities that that came to fruition.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Great.
Martin Price: And then I'm like, I've got some small investments like speculative ones and bitcoin and stuff like that. I like doing
Martin Price: Well, it's kind of like having
Martin Price: I don't know, like
Martin Price: I don't know how to describe it. It's like having something that you hope will really take off.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, it's almost. It's kind of like having part of your financial reality be a bit of a game, you know, to
Dominique Pozo: To have your money somewhere and and see what's happening.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Martin Price: Yeah. So those are kind of
Martin Price: You know, being in a really good relationship would be nice and whether it's in Wisconsin or here, you know,
Martin Price: It just hasn't been any work here.
Martin Price: It's always either it in California or in the Midwest, so far, sometimes Denver.
Martin Price: So I'm not. Yeah, I don't know, for some reason, I don't know if I'm just kind of burned out from this week so far and just kind of like
Martin Price: Super optimistic.
Dominique Pozo: Optimistic about what
Martin Price: Anything you know I'm just
Dominique Pozo: About your future.
Martin Price: Yeah, I'm just like living a day to day existence, you know, and just trying to be grateful for that.
Dominique Pozo: Well, this is such a strange time to i just i think i want to keep putting things in perspective, it's like, you know, our, our community and the
Dominique Pozo: Things. We're used to being able to do you know go here, go there and meet these people go there. It's just not happening. So I can see where maybe you're feeling a little like what what's going on.
Martin Price: Like cabin fever or something.
Yeah.
Martin Price: Do you drive there do you bike around or
Dominique Pozo: Mostly drive. But yeah, sometimes biking, for sure. I just did earlier this week a bit, but now it's a pretty big island. So it's not that easy to ride. I mean, you can ride your bike, but it's
Dominique Pozo: A lot of
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, for sure.
Martin Price: So, yeah.
Martin Price: Guess I just need to get back into gratitude, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Oh, have you been doing your gratitude.
Practice.
Martin Price: Yeah, I've been trying to do, like, you know, five things I'm grateful for and I've definitely been meditating in the morning.
Martin Price: And that's pretty nice trying to like rid myself of all thoughts.
Martin Price: But like I was at the three this morning and just
Martin Price: You know, in fear and
Dominique Pozo: Well, I'm going to just offer one thing there. I think there's many different ways to meditate and
Dominique Pozo: One way that I appreciate is, you know, not trying to get rid of the thoughts because they're going to be there. It's just watching them, you know, watching them go cross
Dominique Pozo: I think the more you fight them, the more they're going to come back.
Dominique Pozo: It's almost like that voice. You know, it's like the voice that shuts you down and you know it's hard on you. It's like, it's not going to go away. It's still there. It's just, oh, listening know being curious and then eventually the five or the voice kind of moves on.
Martin Price: I guess I thought you were trying to like
Martin Price: Have no thoughts or something.
Dominique Pozo: Think there's
Dominique Pozo: There's moments of that, but I'm pretty sure at least from what I've experienced with different teachings.
Dominique Pozo: Our minds are
Dominique Pozo: Are pretty
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, they're going to keep moving. And it's just, you know, enjoying the moments when there is a skill point and there's no thoughts and then recognizing the mind is going to kick in again and just watching a
Dominique Pozo: Lot kind of hooking into the thought.
Martin Price: My mind is kind of quiet is like first thing in the morning. So that's what I try and do it.
Uh huh.
Dominique Pozo: I mean, another way to move away from the thoughts is to really focus on the body. So, you know, if you notice that your mind is getting
Dominique Pozo: Circuit swirling are circling and thoughts, you can always move to your breath and focus on that and count. That's a good way to get your attention away from the looping biases to count make it. Let's do it. Actually, do you want to do it so you can feel it in your
Dominique Pozo: Body. Okay, so go ahead and inhale for four seconds and then you're going to hold for three and then exhale for four. So inhale.
Dominique Pozo: 234 and then hold for two, three, and then exhale 234 and then again, inhale 1234 got on hold it.
Dominique Pozo: To three and then 1234 and then see how it is for you for a few breath cycles you count for yourself.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah and you know
Martin Price: I'm not
Dominique Pozo: Expecting that your mind is going to just turn off, although it gives your mind something to focus on. That's different. Because like divert the attention.
Martin Price: Now I've done that before. And then I
Martin Price: You know my counselor was like, well, don't even worry about your breath. Just dream, you know, that'll happen eventually, just trying to be quiet for a while and
Martin Price: See how long we can go without thoughts occurring, you know, so I just kind of watch these kind of little images that form and my eyes are shot.
Martin Price: Kind of watch those
Dominique Pozo: Hmm. Cool. Well, it sounds like you've got a number of different tools so you can see what you know what you feel moved to do
Martin Price: Yeah, I just have to be more consistent about it. I don't know. For some reason, you know, I just got up really early and just never really go back to bed properly and
Dominique Pozo: Then again,
Martin Price: Just kind of worn out today.
Martin Price: Yeah yeah my age, too.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, there's a lot of factors, the full moon to I mean it was a bright moon I was definitely
Yeah.
Martin Price: I saw that here tues beautiful
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Martin Price: Um,
Martin Price: Yeah, so to me like thinking of sort of big things that I'd like to work towards
Martin Price: A lot of them, you know, have to do with finance finance and romance, I guess, but I always just been orphaned holds me back, you know, and so that's why
Martin Price: It's just always that voice that's like, you're never going to get there until you get you stop taking this stuff so
Martin Price: That's kind of, you know, we talked about that last time. It's just like a nagging voice.
Martin Price: And then, like I said, sometimes I wake up and my hips like throbbing like really bad. And so there is like a pain component to it also. So,
Martin Price: I mean, that's what I started to get it for
Martin Price: And
Martin Price: You know, but then I got dependent on it.
Dominique Pozo: So tell me what the next few days. I'm looking like me, because I know you set up a lot of support for yourself this week. And I'm just wondering for the weekend. What, what kind of support, have you put in place or activities.
Martin Price: Well tomorrow night. Oh, it'll be
Martin Price: It's called Celebrate Recovery and it's like a
Martin Price: Sort of a evangelical Christian church revival type thing.
Dominique Pozo: Cool 100
Martin Price: Will go on for an hour or two. They have like
Martin Price: Excuse me, they have a
Martin Price: Service for like an hour and then you break out into groups for, like, I think it's like I'm not sure, but at the groups are like say addictions and then another group for codependency and another group for
Dominique Pozo: For
Dominique Pozo: You know, awesome.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
Martin Price: Yeah, I want to try it and then
Martin Price: I don't Saturday I met this guy that
Martin Price: He wants to ski these shoots up in the mountains, but
Martin Price: Well, yeah, but he wants to like start checking up there at sunrise, which is like 530 or something.
Martin Price: And I don't have a beeper yet.
Martin Price: To move. I can go to. You gotta have the avalanche beacon.
Oh,
Martin Price: Do it without
Martin Price: Having an avalanche speaking
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that sounds fun. That sounds like an adventurous.
Martin Price: Yeah, it's, yeah.
Martin Price: It's what I did last week at a clam up to the ski back down. Basically, only this time you climb up to the top of the mountain and go over to another mountain and ski on these shoots
Dominique Pozo: Cool.
Martin Price: Good be pretty fun.
Martin Price: Excuse me.
Dominique Pozo: I'm cocky.
Martin Price: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: So catchy near your hands.
Dominique Pozo: Gosh, could you, I was gonna say might be good for you to take a nap, but
Martin Price: Yeah.
Martin Price: Do you mind if I get a glass of water.
Dominique Pozo: Go ahead, go. I'll go. I'm gonna get some water to action.
Martin Price: I think maybe it's like
Martin Price: It's not even gratitude. It's just kind of acceptance that I certainly need to be in, you know, just
Martin Price: Accepting
Martin Price: where I am right now and then trying to like do my best to
Martin Price: You know, recover financially and and
Martin Price: I don't know, change things like I can rent my house. You know, if I do go to California. I do go to
Martin Price: Wisconsin.
Martin Price: Make some money that way and
Martin Price: It. Yeah. It's kind of like I need to be in a like more accepting and kind of be more grateful for just the day, you know, not
Martin Price: And quit future tripping.
Martin Price: Well, not so much about the future.
Dominique Pozo: Maybe. Maybe there's more of a balance that can be struck because I mean it's kind of like part of how we make things happen as we think ahead. So I wonder what more of a balance would look like.
Martin Price: To stay more in the moment and be more appreciative of like a nice meal or just
Martin Price: Some cold water, you know, the fact that it's springtime out and the birds are all
Martin Price: I don't know the way I feel right now is I'm just really
Martin Price: Stuck
Dominique Pozo: Gosh, I were shoot. Let's see 26 we've got 10 minutes. Um, let's see if I can pull up this TED talk that you're making me think of it as really great
Martin Price: Sleep good tonight.
Dominique Pozo: Let me see. I'm not going to take too much more time. But there's one here that I mean there's there's 34 possibilities will be the
Dominique Pozo: Maybe what I'll do is I'll cue one up for you neck for our next. Oh, here it is.
Dominique Pozo: What time do you need to you wanted to leave. I'm going to save this. I'm going to save it for next time.
Dominique Pozo: So that we can watch it fully and and talk about it.
Martin Price: Monday night so
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, let me make sure I've got it in my calendar.
Dominique Pozo: Yep, I have you at 6pm on Monday.
Martin Price: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. I'm gonna
Dominique Pozo: Do it up for Monday.
Martin Price: Right.
Martin Price: Yeah, I think I'm just kind of tired and rundown. So
Martin Price: You know, hopefully Monday. I'll be a little brighter. I'm really looking forward to the weekend, just to get some rest. You know,
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, sounds like you need. I can tell you need your body's asking for some downtime.
Martin Price: Right, right.
Martin Price: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, Martin, welcome.
Martin Price: To the dog park.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, enjoy your afternoon and I'm just thinking until Monday I kind of want to give you maybe like one or two homework assignments.
Dominique Pozo: Can you practice like you you offered it up around to, like, you know, eating a meal and just being grateful for it. Can you just practice doing that with all your meals.
Dominique Pozo: Really noticing what it's like to really be present with the meal and giving thanks and see what you notice, by doing that.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Practice gratitude for meals and then here's one more thing to practice to
Dominique Pozo: When you notice your mind starting to do these looping things. See if you can just bring your attention to your body, bring the attention away from the head to body sensation and just notice like okay paying attention to your right shoulder.
Dominique Pozo: Taking a deep breath, pay attention to the left shoulder and just moving shifting the attention.
Martin Price: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, and we'll see how that goes on Monday, and then I'll have a video and gratitude queued up for you.
Martin Price: Okay. All right. All the way down for a couple minutes and then take off.
Dominique Pozo: Right, okay, Marty. Have a great weekend.
See you Monday.
Martin Price: Bye.
Dominique Pozo: Bye.